W-16909747 Adding RTF metrics (#273)
mulesoft/docs-general: modules/ROOT/pages/usage-metrics.adoc

|===

> |Product |Metric Description |Usage Details

Reviewer: I think the items in column 2 are all fragments, so don't get periods.

|Mule message: The container of the core information processed by the runtime. 
|A Mule message counts as a single unit when an event source triggers it. Messages are aggregated using a sum of all messages sent during a month.
|Data throughput: The total amount of data transferred in and out of the infrastructure that runs Mule where the Mule app is deployed. 
|Data throughput counts when the deployed application transfers data to execute its business logic, including but not limited to internal operational network traffic for monitoring, logs, and health checks. Data throughput is aggregated as a sum of all bytes during a month. 
| Cluster: A set of servers that act as a single deployment target.
| Cluster capacity is determined by your cluster configuration. 
| CPU Limit: The maximum amount of CPU resources that a worker node can use.
a| The CPU limit is aggregated by measuring the amount of CPU usage over a specific period of time, such as an hour or a day. This data is collected and aggregated to calculate the total CPU usage for a particular application. 

> +

Reviewer: This + is showing up in preview. Just put a blank line for a break. There's also [this](https://confluence.internal.salesforce.com/display/MTDT/Formatting+with+Asciidoc#FormattingwithAsciidoc-AddaBlankLinetoaTableCell).

Reviewer: See if any of the passive voice here can be made active?

> The CPU Limit configuration of each application is summarized at each environment ID, then at each business group, and then at the root organization ID for preproduction and production environment types separately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CPU limit configuration of each application is summarized at each environment ID, then at each business group, and then at the root organization ID for preproduction and production environment types separately.
```

Reviewer: Not sure if lc is correct. Lc on line 21.

Author: I'm only capping Limit if I'm referencing the UI (supposedly).

Reviewer: If you're referencing the UI, it should also be bold.

| CPU Reserve (Millicores): A guaranteed minimum amount of CPU resources allocated to a worker node. 

> | CPU reserve is aggregated by calculating the total amount of CPU resources reserved across all applications in the worker nodes. The aggregated CPU reserve is then used to determine the total amount of CPU usage. 

Reviewer: CPU usage amount? or just CPU usage?

[[data-throughput]]
=== Total Data Throughput

Data throughput is all of the network I/O bytes produced by the infrastructure that starts and runs the Mule Runtime server that runs a Mule application. This includes the data that the application produces to execute its business logic, as well as internal operational network traffic such as logs, health-checks, and monitoring traffic. For example, data throughput includes inserting a record into a database and the network traffic associated with the infrastructure of the app, such as log forwarding, control plane connection, and monitoring metrics transfer.  

[[rtf-usage-metrics]]
== Runtime Fabric Usage Metrics

The Usage dashboard for Runtime Fabric lets you track, monitor, and govern core usage in hybrid environments and provides detailed metrics and analysis for Runtime Fabric instances and application deployments. 

> You can see your cluster capacity metrics refined by business group. To see CPU limit aggregates at the business group level, xref:usage-reports.adoc#export-usage-reports[export the usage report as a CSV]. The CPU limit is shown at the application level on the Usage dashboard, along with the associated business groups, which helps you identify which applications are using the most CPU, so you can make adjustments to your application configurations if needed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see your cluster capacity metrics refined by business group. To see CPU limit aggregates at the business group level, xref:usage-reports.adoc#export-usage-reports[export the usage report as a CSV]. The CPU limit is shown at the application level on the Usage dashboard, along with the associated business groups, which helps you identify which applications use the most CPU, so you can adjust your application configurations if needed. 
```

Reviewer: Is the business group associated with the CPU limit or the app? 

The usage dashboard shows the CPU limit and associated business group at the application level so you can see which apps use the most CPU and adjust configurations, if necessary.

> Use the dashboard to compare cores and flows consumed by each application side-by-side to help you understand your utilization and associated pricing. You can visualize cores and flows consumed by each application alongside each other and drill down per environment ID and business group when you export the usage report CSV file. 

Reviewer: In the dashboard, compare cores and flows consumed by each application to help you understand your usage and associated pricing. Export the usage report to a CSV file to visualize cores and flows consumed by each app and drill down per environment ID and business group. 
```

> Use the dashboard to compare cores and flows consumed by each application side-by-side to help you understand your utilization and associated pricing. You can visualize cores and flows consumed by each application alongside each other and drill down per environment ID and business group when you export the usage report CSV file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the dashboard, compare cores and flows consumed by each application to help you understand your usage and associated pricing. Export the usage report to a CSV file to visualize cores and flows consumed by each app and drill down per environment ID and business group.
```

If you are using the cluster capacity metric for billing, this translation from core usage to flow usage enables you to make the necessary changes to applications so you can transition to usage-based pricing iteratively, which gives you a more flexible pricing model that scales with your integration needs and isn't tied to your infrastructure.

=== Runtime Fabric Agent Version and Configuration Requirements

> There are some additional configuration requirements if you are using the cluster capacity metric for tracking. These requirements don't apply for accurate tracking of the CPU limit metric. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the cluster capacity metric for tracking, additional configuration requirements apply. These requirements don't apply for accurate tracking of the CPU limit metric. 
```

* The Runtime Fabric agent must be version 2.7.0 or later. 
+
For more information, see xref:runtime-fabric::upgrade-index.adoc[].

> * If you are using a Helm-based Runtime Fabric installation, ensure that the NODE_WATCHER parameter is enabled.

Reviewer: font for parameter?

+
For more information about enabling NODE_WATCHER, see xref:runtime-fabric::install-helm.adoc#optional-parameters[Optional Parameters].

These configurations only apply to the Runtime Fabric agent and have no impact on applications. You don't need to take any action on applications (redeployment or restarts) for tracking the cluster capacity and CPU limit metrics.

[[rtf-compliance-tracking]]
=== Runtime Fabric Compliance Tracking With Usage Metrics

> You must adjust your clusters and application configurations for accurate measurement of usage metrics. You can continue to choose whether to use the CPU limit metric or cluster capacity metric, at the root organization level for contract governance depending on your use case. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must adjust your clusters and application configurations for accurate usage-metric measurement. You can still use the CPU limit metric or cluster capacity metric at the root organization level for contract governance depending on your use case. 
```

> Here are some recommendations to help you accurately measure metrics:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These recommendations can help you accurately measure metrics:
```

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| CPU Limit | Cluster Capacity
a|* Each application requires variable CPU allocation depending on its workload requirements. Use Anypoint Monitoring to analyze the CPU usage of your application during development to identify the right CPU limit and CPU reserve configurations. 

> * Runtime Manager sets the CPU limit configuration to the available cluster capacity of the underlying Runtime Fabric instance by default, which can result in a higher CPU limit usage reported for applications if the CPU limit configuration isn't explicitly modified during deployment. For an accurate CPU Limit metric, ensure that the application's CPU Limit configurations are updated with the appropriate values based on the app's performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Runtime Manager sets the CPU limit configuration to the available cluster capacity of the underlying Runtime Fabric instance by default. This setting can result in a higher CPU limit usage reported for applications if the CPU limit configuration isn't explicitly modified during deployment. For an accurate CPU limit metric, verify that the application's CPU limit configurations are updated with the appropriate values based on the app's performance.
```

Reviewer: I think, unless you're referring to an actual UI element (in bold), you can lc these.

a| * You can install Runtime Fabric instances in a shared Kubernetes cluster, with both namespace isolation and node isolation for applications and Runtime Fabric core service workloads. These isolations aren't reflected by the cluster capacity metric captured from the Kubelet server. To use this metric for compliance, use a dedicated cluster for Runtime Fabric instances for accurate measurements.

> * If a cluster is reconfigured with hyper-threading, virtualization of compute cores, or has system nodes for advanced cluster management, MuleSoft can't account for the usage impact from these configurations on the cluster capacity metric. If you must have these configurations and choose to use the cluster capacity metric, reach out to your account team for accurate compliance audits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If a cluster is reconfigured with hyper-threading, virtualization of compute cores, or has system nodes for advanced cluster management, MuleSoft can't account for the usage impact of these configurations on the cluster capacity metric. If you must have these configurations and use the cluster-capacity metric, contact your account team for accurate compliance audits.
```

|===

For more information, see xref:runtime-fabric::limitations-self.adoc#license-compliance[MuleSoft License Compliance].

[[max-cpu-prod]]
=== Maximum CPU Limit in Production

> You can drill down and track CPU limit based usage per application ID with the ability to group them using metadata, including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can drill down and track CPU limit-based usage per application ID and group them using metadata, including:
```

* Runtime Fabric cluster name
+
Tracks whether the underlying cluster has enough capacity to scale.
* Business group
+
Shows usage per business group.
* Root organization
+
Monitor core usage to stay under the total entitlement.
+

> The cluster capacity metric is available only at the root organization level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cluster-capacity metric is available only at the root organization level.
```

The maximum CPU limit in production is the maximum amount of CPU an app can use when deployed and running in the production runtime plane. The CPU amount is shared on the worker node. Each member of a set of workers for the same app can have a different value for the CPU limit. Autoscale policies, if implemented, can execute every 30 minutes, which can impact the worker or replica count and CPU limit of an app deployment.

> Data is captured every hour but the max metric is tracked on a daily and monthly basis as shown in the following example. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data is captured every hour, but the max metric is tracked daily and monthly as shown in this example. 
```

[[example]]
=== Example

Here is an example with two apps:

App1 has a CPU limit of one each and a worker count range of 1-3.

App2 has a CPU limit of one each and a worker count range of 2-5.

Data captured at 00:00 minutes:

> * App 1: sum(1,1,1) = 3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* App1: sum(1,1,1) = 3
```

> * App 2: sum(1,1,1,1,1) = 5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* App2: sum(1,1,1,1,1) = 5
```

Reviewer: (to be consistent)

* Max metric captured = 8 CPU limit aggregated

> Redeployment of App1 with a CPU limit of 2 and worker range of 1 - 6 at 00:45 minutes:

Reviewer: I think the 2 is ok here

> * App 1: sum(1,1,1,2,2,2) = 9

Reviewer: See 387-388

Reviewer: Maybe it would be easier to change 381, 383

* App 2: sum(1,1,1,1,1) = 5

Time 01:00 min: 

* App 1: sum(2,2,2,2,2,2) = 12
* App 2: sum(1,1,1,1,1) = 5
* Max metric captured = 17 CPU limit aggregated
* For the root organization in a given hour (not reported on the usage dashboard):
+
Max concurrent limit CPU = 17
* For the root organization in a given day:
+
Max concurrent limit CPU = 17
* For the root organization in a given month:
+
Max concurrent limit CPU = 17

App 2 auto scales down to three workers after 02:00 min:

* App 1: sum(2,2,2,2,2,2) = 12
* App 2: sum(1,1,1) = 3
* Max metric = 15 CPU limit aggregate
* For the root organization in a given hour (not reported on the usage dahsboard):
+
Max concurrent limit CPU = 15
* For the root organization in a given day:
+
Max concurrent limit CPU = 17
* For the root organization in a given month:
+
Max concurrent limit CPU = 17

[[max-cpu-preprod]]
=== Maximum CPU Limit in Preproduction

The maximum CPU limit in preproduction (sandbox) is the maximum amount of CPU an app can use when deployed and running in preproduction. 

> You can drill down and track CPU limit-based usage per application ID with the ability to group them using metadata, including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can drill down and track CPU limit-based usage per application ID and group them using metadata, including:
```

* Runtime Fabric cluster name
+
Tracks whether the underlying cluster has enough capacity to scale.
* Business group
+
Shows usage per business group.
* Root organization
+
Monitor core usage to stay under the total entitlement.
+
The cluster capacity metric is available only at the root organization level.

> Data is captured every hour but the max metric is tracked on a daily and monthly basis as shown in the <<example>>. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data is captured every hour, but the max metric is tracked daily or monthly as shown in the <<example>>. 
```

When an application is moved from a preproduction to a production environment, the CPU limit configuration for that application is accounted for in the daily max meter of both preproduction and production environments. 

[[max-cluster-prod]]
=== Maximum Cluster Capacity in Production

Your maximum cluster capacity depends on your cluster configuration. 

> Data is captured every hour but the max metric is tracked on a daily and monthly basis as shown in the <<example>>. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data is captured every hour, but the max metric is tracked daily and monthly as shown in the <<example>>. 
```

Reviewer: Opportunity for a partial?

> See xref:runtime-fabric::rtf-cluster-config.adoc[]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See xref:runtime-fabric::rtf-cluster-config.adoc[].
```

[[max-cluster-preprod]]
=== Maximum Cluster Capacity in Preproduction

Your maximum cluster capacity depends on your cluster configuration. 

> Data is captured every hour but the max metric is tracked on a daily and monthly basis as shown in the <<example>>.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data is captured every hour, but the max metric is tracked daily and monthly as shown in the <<example>>.  
```

> See xref:runtime-fabric::rtf-cluster-config.adoc[]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See xref:runtime-fabric::rtf-cluster-config.adoc[].
```

Processed Pages::
Sum of pages processed

== Mule Runtime Usage

MuleSoft captures usage data for Mule flows, Mule messages, and data throughput, but not all of this data is aggregated in usage reports.  

To track Mule message usage, the runtime report counts the number of times a Mule event source triggers a Mule message. You can view the number of these messages in a given day or month by business group, environment, and application. 

To calculate usage, MuleSoft meters and aggregates the number of messages daily and monthly. After a message is triggered, the report doesn't track changes to the message because the message is processed within the application’s flows.

> Data throughput is the network I/O bytes produced by the infrastructure that runs the Mule runtime engine running the Mule application. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data throughput is the total network I/O bytes produced by the infrastructure of the Mule runtime engine running the Mule application. 
```

> To calculate usage, MuleSoft tracks GB usage and aggregates the total daily and monthly GBs.

Reviewer: Do you need the first GB here?

Reviewer: (It's bytes in the previous sentence.)

> For select customers in the US control plane, MuleSoft offers a pricing and packaging model for Anypoint Platform that allots a number of Mule flows, Mule messages, and data throughput (measured as network I/O bytes). Not all types of Mule flows and messages count toward the allotments in a package.

Reviewer: select -> some? 

I feel like "select" raises more questions...

=== Mule Runtime Usage Tables

> The usage information shown in the usage report tables changes depending on the view you are in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The usage information shown in the usage report tables changes depending on your view.
```

Reviewer: Can you be "in" a view?

Author: I think they can. They can switch between views. "depending on your view" sounds like "depending on what you think..."

==== Business Group Details

Select the *Business Group Details* tab to view:

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Field | Description

> |Business Group |The business group a Mule app is deployed to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Business Group |Business group the Mule app is deployed to
```

> |Environment Type |The environment in which a Mule app is deployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Environment Type |Environment that the Mule app is deployed in
```

> | Cluster |The name of the cluster containing the replicas and worker nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Cluster |Name of the cluster containing the replicas and worker nodes
```

> |Cluster Capacity (Millicores) | The worker node capacity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Cluster Capacity (Millicores) | Worker node capacity
```

|===

==== Application Details

Select the *Application Details* tab to view:

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Field |Description

> |Application |The name of the Mule application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Application |Name of the Mule app
```

> | Business Group | The business group a Mule app is deployed to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Business Group | Business group the Mule app is deployed to
```

> | Deployment Type | The runtime plane to which the Mule app is deployed. CloudHub (abbreviated as CH), CloudHub 2.0 (abbreviated as CH2), and Runtime Fabric (abbreviated as RTF) are supported. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Deployment Type | Runtime plane the Mule app is deployed to: CloudHub (abbreviated as CH), CloudHub 2.0 (abbreviated as CH2), or Runtime Fabric (abbreviated as RTF)
```

> |Environment Type |The environment in which a Mule app is deployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Environment Type |Environment the Mule app is deployed in
```

Reviewer: Can you create partials to reuse some of this repeated stuff?

> | Cluster | The name of the cluster containing the replicas and worker nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Cluster | Name of the cluster containing the replicas and worker nodes
```

> | CPU Limit | The maximum amount of CPU the application can use. This is shared CPU on the worker node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CPU Limit | Maximum amount of shared CPU on the worker node that the application can use 
```

> | CPU Reserve (Millicores) | The amount of CPU guaranteed to the application and reserved for its use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CPU Reserve (Millicores) | Amount of CPU guaranteed to the application and reserved for its use
```

> | Mule Flows | The sum of flows in the Mule app. This number is calculated by multiplying flows by the number of workers (CloudHub) or replicas (CloudHub 2.0). For more information about how this metric is billed, see xref:usage-metrics.adoc#mule-flows[Mule flows].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Mule Flows |Sum of flows in the Mule app,  calculated by multiplying flows by the number of workers (CloudHub) or replicas (CloudHub 2.0).

For more information about how this metric is billed, see xref:usage-metrics.adoc#mule-flows[Mule flows].
```

Reviewer: Should replicas mention RTF here as it does below on line 198?

> | Mule Messages | The sum of inbound and outbound Mule messages in the Mule app. For more information about how this metric is billed, see xref:usage-metrics.adoc#mule-messages[Mule messages].  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Mule Messages | Sum of inbound and outbound Mule messages in the Mule app

For information about how this metric is billed, see xref:usage-metrics.adoc#mule-messages[Mule messages].  
```

> | Data Throughput (GB) | The sum of inbound and outbound data in gigabytes (GB) transmitted by the Mule app. For more information about how this metric is billed, see xref:usage-metrics.adoc#data-throughput[data throughput].  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Data Throughput (GB) | Sum of inbound and outbound data in gigabytes (GB) transmitted by the Mule app

For information about how this metric is billed, see xref:usage-metrics.adoc#data-throughput[data throughput].  
```

|===

=== Mule Runtime Usage Cards

MuleSoft usage reports cards include:

* <<max-mule-flows>>
* <<mule-messages>>
* <<max-cpu-prod>>
* <<max-cpu-preprod>>
* <<max-cluster-prod>>
* <<max-cluster-preprod>>

[[max-mule-flows]]
=== Maximum Mule Flows

A Mule flow is a sequence of logical operations configured within the XML `<flow/>` element of a Mule application. The runtime report tracks the Mule flows within a deployed and running Mule application that contains a Mule event source or APIkit route requests. Mule apps in production environments typically use multiple Mule flows and subflows to divide the app into functional modules or for error-handling purposes. For example, one Mule flow might receive a record and transform data into a given format that another flow processes.  

To calculate usage, MuleSoft tracks the number of Mule flows for all business groups, environments, and applications. The maximum number of Mule flows within a day or month is identified based on the peak hour across the day or month. For the detailed breakdown, MuleSoft shows the peak hour usage per business group, environment, and application. 

> In a usage report, flow counts are calculated by multiplying the number of flows in an app by the number of workers (CloudHub) or replicas (Runtime Fabric and CloudHub 2.0).

Reviewer: Previously, you list CH2 before RTF.

> ==== Mule Flow Scenarios that Count Towards Your Anypoint Platform Package Allotment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Mule Flow Scenarios That Count Toward Your Anypoint Platform Package Allotment
```

> The following Mule flows count towards your allotment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These Mule flows count towards your allotment:
```

 
* Flows that contain a xref:mule-runtime::about-mule-event.adoc[Mule event source] 
* xref:apikit::index.adoc[Flows generated by APIkit] that process API requests 

Mule flows are charged only when the application containing the Mule flow is deployed and running. 

==== Mule Flow with an Event Source

> The following Mule flow contains an event source as the first element. In this case, the `listener` counts towards your allotment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Mule flow contains an event source as the first element. In this case, the `listener` counts towards your allotment.
```

| azure-service-bus-messaging | message-listener
| core | scheduler
| db | listener
.2+| email | listener-imap | listener-pop3
| file | listener
| ftp | listener
| ftps | listener
.3+| google-sheets | new-row-listener | new-spreadsheet-listener | updated-row-listener
| http | listener
| ibm-mq| listener
| jms | listener
.2+| kafka | batch-message-listener | message-listener
| mllp | mllp-listener
.4+| netsuite | deleted-object-listener | modified-object-listener | modified-record-listener | new-record-listener
| pubsub | message-listener
.7+| salesforce | deleted-object-listener | modified-object-listener | new-object-listener | replay-channel-listener | replay-topic-listener | subscribe-channel-listener | subscribe-topic-listener
.2+| sap | document-listener | function-listener
| servicebus | listener
| sftp | listener
| sockets | listener
.2+| solace | queue-listener | topic-listener
.2+| sqs | receive-messages | receivemessages
.3+| stripe | citizen-on-new-charge-listener | on-new-charge-listener | on-new-event-listener
| vm | listener
.2+| websocket | inbound-listener | outbound-listener
|===

==== Mule Flow Generated by APIkit and Used for Routing APIkit Requests

> APIkit is a tool that simplifies the implementation of APIs by automatically generating a minimal set of Mule flows based on the API specification. Each APIkit router endpoint counts as a distinct Mule flow. These Mule flows do not have an event source and are used for the handling of HTTP requests for a particular API method and path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
APIkit is a tool that simplifies API implementation by automatically generating a minimal set of Mule flows based on the API specification. Each APIkit router endpoint counts as a distinct Mule flow. These Mule flows don’t have an event source and are used to HTTP requests for a particular API method and path.
```

Here is an example of an APIkit request:

This flow routes APIkit requests and handles the GET request in the `/reservation` path:

[source,xml]
----
<flow name="get:\reservation:cocheras-puerto-madero-api-config">
        <logger level="INFO" message="#[output json --- attributes.queryParams]" />
</flow>
----

[[non-billable-flows]]
==== Mule Flows That Don't Count Against Your Anypoint Platform Package Allotment 

Mule flows that don't have an event source and aren't used for routing APIkit requests aren’t charged against your Anypoint Platform package allotment. These Mule flows are primarily used to modularize code.

> Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example:
```

[source,xml]
----
2.a - Flow with only a logger component
<flow name="just-logging">
        <logger level="INFO" message="#[output json --- attributes.queryParams]" />
</flow>
----

[[mule-messages]]
=== Total Mule Messages

> A Mule message is the data (the payload and its attributes) that passes through one or more Mule flows in an application. A Mule message is part of a Mule event, which is generated when the event source within a Mule flow is triggered. For example, a Mule event that consists of a Mule message is created when an HTTP listener receives a request or each time the scheduler component triggers an execution of the Mule flow. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Mule message is the data (the payload and its attributes) that passes through one or more Mule flows in an application. A Mule message is part of a Mule event, which is generated when the event source within a Mule flow is triggered. For example, a Mule event that consists of a Mule message is created when an HTTP listener receives a request or each time the scheduler component triggers an execution of the Mule flow. 

```

> Mule message processors in a Mule flow (such as core components, file read operations, or the HTTP request operations) can then retrieve, set, and process Mule message data that resides in the Mule event according to their configurations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mule message processors in a Mule flow (such as core components, file read operations, or the HTTP request operations) can then retrieve, set, and process Mule message data that resides in the Mule event according to their configurations. 

```

A Mule message is immutable, so every change to a Mule message results in the creation of a new instance. Each processor in a flow that receives a Mule message returns a new Mule message that consists of a message payload (the body of the message) and message attributes (metadata associated with the message).

[[billable-mule-messages]]

> ==== Mule Message Scenarios that Count Towards Your Anypoint Platform Package Allotment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Mule Message Scenarios That Count Toward Your Anypoint Platform Package Allotment
```

> When an event source within a flow of a Mule application is triggered, the event source such as HTTP Listener or Scheduler, generates a Mule event that encapsulates a Mule message. The Mule message generated by the event source counts towards your Anypoint Platform package allotment. New instances of that message, which can be created during the processing of the original message as it moves through other processors in connected Mule flows, do not count towards your Anypoint Platform package allotment.

Reviewer: On line 295, listener and scheduler are lc.

> When an event source within a flow of a Mule application is triggered, the event source such as HTTP Listener or Scheduler, generates a Mule event that encapsulates a Mule message. The Mule message generated by the event source counts towards your Anypoint Platform package allotment. New instances of that message, which can be created during the processing of the original message as it moves through other processors in connected Mule flows, do not count towards your Anypoint Platform package allotment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an event source within a flow of a Mule application is triggered, the event source such as HTTP listener or scheduler, generates a Mule event that encapsulates a Mule message. The Mule message generated by the event source counts toward your Anypoint Platform package allotment. Any new instances of that message created during the processing of the original message as it moves through other processors in connected Mule flows, don’t count towards your Anypoint Platform package allotment.
```

Author: I think these should be capped because they are referring to components.

Reviewer: Then, do it the same on 295.

[[data-throughput]]
=== Total Data Throughput

> Data throughput is all of the network I/O bytes produced by the infrastructure that starts and runs the Mule Runtime server that runs a Mule application. This includes the data that the application produces to execute its business logic, as well as internal operational network traffic such as logs, health-checks, and monitoring traffic. For example, data throughput includes inserting a record into a database and the network traffic associated with the infrastructure of the app, such as log forwarding, control plane connection, and monitoring metrics transfer.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data throughput is all of the network I/O bytes produced by the infrastructure for the Mule runtime server that runs a Mule application. This includes the data that the application produces to execute its business logic, as well as internal operational network traffic such as logs, health checks, and monitoring traffic. For example, data throughput includes inserting a record into a database and the network traffic associated with the app infrastructure, such as log forwarding, control plane connection, and monitoring metrics transfer.  
```

[[max-cpu-prod]]
=== Runtime Fabric Usage Metrics

> The Usage dashboard for Runtime Fabric lets you track, monitor, and govern core usage in hybrid environments and provides detailed metrics and analysis for Runtime Fabric instances and application deployments. You can see your CPU limits and Node Capacity metrics broken out by business group. The CPU limit is further broken out by application, which helps you identify which application is using the most CPU, so you can make adjustments to your application configurations. 

Reviewer: node capacity?

Reviewer: If referring to the UI, should it be bold?

Reviewer: CPU limit or limit?

> The Usage dashboard for Runtime Fabric lets you track, monitor, and govern core usage in hybrid environments and provides detailed metrics and analysis for Runtime Fabric instances and application deployments. You can see your CPU limits and Node Capacity metrics broken out by business group. The CPU limit is further broken out by application, which helps you identify which application is using the most CPU, so you can make adjustments to your application configurations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Usage dashboard for Runtime Fabric lets you track, monitor, and govern core usage in hybrid environments and provides detailed metrics and analysis for Runtime Fabric instances and application deployments. You can see your CPU limits and Node Capacity metrics broken out by business group. The CPU limit is further broken out by application, which helps you identify which application is using the most CPU, so you can adjust your application configurations. 
```

> The dashboard also lets you look at different things like Date and Time, Business Groups, and Environments. This helps you plan capacity better, gives you a way to measure license compliance, and makes chargebacks less expensive.

Reviewer: why init cap?

> The dashboard also lets you look at different things like Date and Time, Business Groups, and Environments. This helps you plan capacity better, gives you a way to measure license compliance, and makes chargebacks less expensive.

Reviewer: This what?

> The dashboard allows you to compare cores and flows consumed by each application side-by-side to help you understand your utilization and associated pricing. You can visualize core and flows consumed by each application alongside each other with the ability to drill down per environment ID and business group. This translation from cores to flows allows you to make the necessary changes to applications so you can transition to usage-based pricing iteratively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dashboard helps you understand your usage and associated pricing by letting you compare cores and flows consumed by each application side-by-side. You can visualize core and flows consumed by each application alongside each other with the ability to drill down per environment ID and business group. This translation from cores to flows enables you to make the necessary changes to applications so you can transition to usage-based pricing iteratively.
```

> You can continue to choose whether to use the CPU Limit metric or Node Capacity metric for contract governance month over month. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the CPU Limit metric or Node Capacity metric for contract governance month over month. 
```

Reviewer: why init cap?

=== Maximum CPU Limit in Production

> You can drill down and track CPU limit based usage per application ID with the ability to group them using the following metadata:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can drill down and track CPU limit-based usage per application ID with the ability to group them using this metadata:
```
